Update Hacktoberfest Swag-list for .NET Foundation (#1025)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

- **How to sign up**: Once your contribution is accepted and merged, they'll provide you with an address form.
- **Notes**: Full details on the [Cloudinary blog here](https://cloudinary.com/blog/hacktoberfest-2025)

### D

#### .NET Foundation(dotnet)

> - **Swag**: Contribute to an official .NET Foundation project this October and claim a digital certificate for Hacktoberfest First 200 valid signups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Swag**: Digital certificate for Hacktoberfest
```

> - **Requirements**:
>     - You qualify if you have at least one meaningful pull request (PR) to an official .NET Foundation repository that is either:
>     - Approved by a maintainer between Oct 1–31, 2025 (UTC). Approval counts even if the PR is not merged yet.
>     - Merged between Oct 1–31, 2025 (UTC).
>     - Substantive contributions include examples such as code, documentation, tests, CI or configuration, samples, tutorials, and localization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Requirements**:
    - Make at least one meaningful pull request (PR) to an official .NET Foundation repository.
    - Substantive contributions include examples such as code, documentation, tests, CI or configuration, samples, tutorials, and localization.
    - On accepted or merged, fill [this claim form](https://forms.cloud.microsoft/r/vS3YhKMEvL?utm_source=chatgpt.com) which will open during Oct 27-31 (UTC).
```

> - **How to sign up**: Once your contribution is accepted and merged, theen you can fill this [Claim form](https://forms.cloud.microsoft/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=3G8HFsH8FUqxyjLJolWQDuT547dRm1xNufKTQeS66YVUM1JCT0JQRjFNQjZIMTdJTDhZVk1QVUJRVi4u&utm_source=chatgpt.com&route=shorturl) which will open from 27th Oct to 31st Oct.
> - **Notes**: Full details on the [.NET Foundation blog here](https://dotnetfoundation.org/community/hacktoberfest)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **How to sign up**: No special signup known.
- **Notes**: Full details on the [.NET Foundation blog here](https://dotnetfoundation.org/community/hacktoberfest)
```
